feat: adding date formatter project for new JS curriculum (#52088)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-the-date-object-by-building-a-date-formatter/65389eff4893facbbe6eae67.md

---
id: 65389eff4893facbbe6eae67
title: Step 24
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-24
---

# --description--

In a `switch` statement, the `default` case is executed when none of the previous case conditions match the value being evaluated. It serves as a catch-all for any other possible cases. For example:

```js
const dayOfWeek = 7;

switch (dayOfWeek) {
  case 1:
    console.log("It's Monday!");
    break;
  case 2:
    console.log("It's Tuesday!");
    break;
  // ...cases for other workdays
  default:
    console.log("It's the weekend!");
}
```

For the `default` case, set the text content of `currentDateParagraph` to the value of `formattedDate`.

And with that, your date formatter is complete! You can now format the current date three different ways.

# --hints--

> You should use the `default` case to set the `textContent` property of `currentDateParagraph` equal to the constant `formattedDate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use the `default` case to set the `textContent` property of `currentDateParagraph` to the value of `formattedDate`.
```
